WE'RE
CABLE CHANNEL 16 AT CHANNEL
NINETY NINE AND ONLINE AT EIGHT
TO GO THAT OR SLASH WATCH GTN
TO SPEAK AT PUBLIC COMMENT
PLEASE FEEL FREE TO CALL EIGHT
SEVEN SEVEN EIGHT FIVE THREE
FIVE TO FOUR SEVEN OR EIGHT
EIGHT EIGHT SEVEN EIGHT EIGHT
ZERO ZERO NINE NINE
INTERMEETING ID NINE ONE NINE
EIGHT SIX SEVEN THREE ONE FOUR
FIVE FIVE.
WITH THAT I WOULD LIKE TO CALL
THIS MEETING TO ORDER AT FOUR
OR THREE P.M. ON NOVEMBER 20TH.
NOW WE WILL MOVE TO BROKAW WITH
KENNEDY IF YOU IF AND WHEN SHE
CALLS YOUR NAME PLEASE ON MUTE
AND SAY WHERE YOU ARE COMING
FROM TODAY ALREADY CHAIR DAMON
ABSOLUTELY.
YOU GUYS GOOD AFTERNOON THIS
ZACH GAMIN CHAIRMAN I'M COMING
TO YOU FROM ANN ARBOR, MICHIGAN
WASHTENAW COUNTY CHAIR KAYLA
YEAH.
VICE CHAIR KILLER I'M COMING
FROM ANN ARBOR WILDSIDE
MITCHENER MOSADDEQ GOOD
AFTERNOON EVERYONE.
>> MY NAME'S KATHLEEN MOSADDEQ
AND I'M CALLING IN FROM ANN
ARBOR, MICHIGAN.
>> SOLOMON SOLOMON COMMISSIONER
ANN ARBOR, MICHIGAN.
>> LISTENER HAWKINS'
COMMISSIONER GOSSAGE ALEX
GOSSAGE CALLING IN FROM ANN
ARBOR, MICHIGAN NATIONAL
RADCLYFFE HIGH TIDE COMING IN
FROM ANN ARBOR, MICHIGAN.
MITCHENER PACARD COMMISSIONER
PACKARD CALLING FROM ANN ARBOR,
MICHIGAN MISSIONER CHAMBERS
COMMISSIONER BEWES MENTIONED
ABUSE AND COMMISSIONER AND
KEMBA OH COMMISSIONER WE'RE
HERE CALLING IN FROM ANN
HARBOR.
>> THANK YOU.
WE HAVE DONE THE ROLL CALL AND
COMMISSIONER HAWKINS I JUST SAW
YOU ARRIVE SO I WILL MARK YOU
AS PRESIDENT.
>> I HIGH COMMISSIONER HOPKINS
GOOD AFTERNOON AND KENNEDY, I
DID GET A NOTIFICATION FROM
COMMISSIONER CHAMBERS THEY WILL
DO THEIR BEST TO BE HERE TODAY
BUT WILL LIKELY BE LATE.
SO THANK YOU ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU FOR THE ROLL CALL.
NEXT WE MOVE DOWN TO OUR NEXT
AGENDA ITEM WHICH IS PUBLIC
COMMENT.
PLEASE NOTE THAT ANYONE WITH
PUBLIC COMMENT TODAY YOU DO
HAVE THREE MINUTES TO PRESENT
YOURSELVES.
>> KENNEDY DO WE HAVE ANYBODY
ON FOR PUBLIC COMMENT TODAY?
AT THIS TIME WE HAVE NO ONE ON
FOR PUBLIC COMMENT.
THANK YOU.
NO ONE ON FOR PUBLIC COMMENT.
>> OK, NEXT WE GO TO THE THE
APPROVAL OF THE AGENDA FOR
TODAY.
EVERYONE SHOULD HAVE RECEIVED A
COPY OF THE AGENDA AHEAD OF THE
MEETING TODAY DIGITALLY.
IF YOU DO NOT HAVE A COPY
PLEASE LET MYSELF IN OR KENNEDY
NO AND WE CAN PROVIDE YOU ONE
PROMPTLY.
BUT WITH THAT IF THERE IS NO
ONE THAT NEEDS THE AGENDA AND
ALL OF US HAVE REVIEWED IT, I
WOULD LIKE TO GO AHEAD AND MAKE
A MOTION TO APPROVE TODAY'S
AGENDA IF THERE ARE NO
CORRECTION AND OR EDITS I'LL
MOVE TO APPROVE.
ALL RIGHT.
LARRY MOVES TO APPROVE.
IS THERE A SECOND OR SECOND?
>> ALL RIGHT, ROZSA NEED A
SECOND.
ALL IN FAVOR OF APPROVING
TODAY'S AGENDA FOR THE
COMMISSION ON DISABILITY ISSUES
PLEASE ON MUTE AND SAY I I I
THANK YOU.
THE AGENDA IS APPROVED.
MOVING ON, WE HAVE THE APPROVAL
OF THE MEETING MINUTES FROM
SEPTEMBER 18TH.
AGAIN, THIS SHOULD BE LOCATED
IN THE AGENDA DIGITALLY AND YOU
CAN ALSO VIEW IT ONLINE AS
WELL.
BUT DO WE HAVE ANY QUESTIONS
INTO OUR AMENDMENTS TO THE
MEETING MINUTES AND OR A MOTION
TO APPROVE
THIS HAS COME UP FOR
PAROLE AGAIN.
OH, GO AHEAD CATHY.
>> I'M GOING TO SAY I HAVE NO
AMENDMENTS TO MAKE AND I'D LIKE
TO MOVE TO APPROVE.
ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU.
KATHLEEN MAKES THE MOTION VICE
CHAIRMAN, I HAVE A HUNCH THAT
YOU'RE GOING TO SECOND OUR
SECOND NO PROBLEM.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
SECONDED BY VICE CHAIRMAN HERE
ALL IN FAVOR IN THE MEETING
MINUTES FROM SEPTEMBER PLEASE
ON MUTE AND SAY I I THANK YOU.
THE MEETING MINUTES ARE
APPROVED AND WITH THAT WE ALSO
HAVE TO APPROVE THE MEETING
MINUTES FROM OCTOBER .
THOSE AGAIN HAVE BEEN PROVIDED
DIGITALLY WITH A LINK AND YOU
CAN ALSO VIEW THEM ONLINE.
I WOULD LIKE TO KNOW IS THERE A
MOTION TO APPROVE THE MEETING
MINUTES FROM OCTOBER 16TH AT
THIS TIME
?
ALL RIGHT.
I'LL MOVE TO APPROVE.
IS THERE A SECOND ALSO CAN I
GET A BAD RAP YOUR PACARD
SECOND THAT ALL IN FAVOR OF THE
MEETING MINUTES
FROM
OCTOBER 16TH IF YOU ARE IN
FAVOR PLEASE ON MUTE AND SAY AY
AY AY AY AY.
I THANK YOU ALL.
I DO APPRECIATE THAT THE
MEETING MEAN GOING THROUGH
OCTOBER ARE APPROVED.
NEXT WE MOVE ON TO A FUN PART
OF OUR AGENDA VERY EXCITED FOR
THIS.
WE HAVE A NEW COMMISSION
CANDIDATE INTRODUCTIONS SO
EVERYONE I WOULD LIKE TO GIVE
THE FLOOR TO A NEW CANDIDATE
FOR THE COMMISSION IS ANNIKA
ANICKA CONRADE.
ANNIKA, THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR
JOINING US THIS AFTERNOON.
>> THE FLOOR IS YOURS.
THANKS SO MUCH.
IT'S MY NAME IS ANNIKA CONRAD.
>> I AM RELATIVELY NEW TO ANN
ARBOR.
I MOVED HERE ABOUT TWO AND A
HALF YEARS AGO FOR A JOB AT
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN, A
FACULTY MEMBER IN THE ENGLISH
DEPARTMENT THERE.
I'M THE ASSOCIATE DIRECTOR
OF THE ENGLISH DEPARTMENT
WRITING PROGRAM.
>> MOST OF MY WORK FOCUSES ON
ISSUES OF DISABILITY AND
ACCESSIBILITY.
I'M LEGALLY BLIND AND THE
RESEARCH THAT I DO IN MY FIELD
FOCUSES ON UNDERSTANDING HOW
PEOPLE WITH DISABILITIES
COMMUNICATE ABOUT THEIR NEEDS,
HOW THEY SEEK ACCESSIBILITY AND
REALLY WORKING TOWARD BUILDING
A BETTER UNDERSTANDING
OF ACCESSIBILITY IS SOMETHING
THAT EVERYBODY NEEDS TO LEARN
AND PARTICIPATE IN.
SO I WAS EXCITED ABOUT THE
OPPORTUNITY OF JOINING THIS
COMMISSION BECAUSE ALTHOUGH
MOST OF MY WORK IS IN THE
HIGHER EDUCATION SPACE, I'M
ALWAYS INTERESTED IN GETTING
MORE INVOLVED IN ISSUES
OF ACCESSIBILITY IN THE
COMMUNITY, RAISING GREATER
AWARENESS ABOUT IT, BRINGING
ACCESSIBILITY REALLY TO THE
FOREFRONT OF EVERYTHING THAT WE
DO AS A COMMUNITY AND AS
SOMEONE WHO, YOU KNOW, LIVES
WITH A DISABILITY, WALKS AROUND
THE CITY A LOT AND AS SOMEONE
WHO JUST KIND OF NOTICES ISSUES
OF ACCESSIBILITY IN WAYS THAT
OTHER PEOPLE MIGHT NOT.
SO I'M VERY HAPPY TO BE HERE,
HAPPY TO ANSWER YOUR QUESTIONS,
EXCITED TO HEAR ABOUT WHAT
YOU'RE WORKING ON AND TO GET TO
KNOW YOU ALL.
ANIKA, THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR
THAT INTRODUCTION.
AND YOU KNOW, I REALLY
APPRECIATE YOU JUST YOUR
WILLINGNESS AND OPENNESS TO
SHARE WHAT YOU SHARED WITH US
TODAY.
SO YEAH, YOU ARE THERE.
I'D LIKE TO OPEN IT UP I GUESS
TO A FEW QUESTIONS FROM SOME
OF OUR COMMISSIONERS TO YOU IF
YOU DON'T MIND.
ARE THERE ANY COMMISSIONERS WHO
JUST HAVE SOME, YOU KNOW,
GENERAL QUESTIONS FOR A
CANDIDATE?
>> COMMISSIONER MODAK?
YEAH, I WAS REVIEWING YOUR
APPLICATION AND WHERE YOU ARE
FROM.
IT LOOKS LIKE YOU SERVED ON
SOME SORT OF COMMISSION OR
SOMETHING SIMILAR TO WHAT
YOU'RE APPLYING FOR NOW CAN YOU
TELL ME A LITTLE BIT ABOUT THAT
EXPERIENCE, WHAT YOU MIGHT HAVE
DONE OR YOU'RE THE IMPACT THAT
YOU MAY HAVE HAD WHILE YOU WERE
IN THAT ROLE?
>> YEAH, SO YEAH, THAT'S PART
OF WHAT BRINGS ME TO TO THIS
COMMISSION IS ANOTHER
OPPORTUNITY TO WORK TO A
SIMILAR SPACE.
WHEN I LIVED IN MADISON,
WISCONSIN, I SERVED ON THE
DISABILITY RIGHTS COMMISSION.
A COUPLE OF EXAMPLES OF THINGS
THAT WE WORKED ON INCLUDING
BUILDING KIND OF A COMMUNITY
AWARENESS PROJECT FOR THE
DOWNTOWN AREA AND MADISON KIND
OF EDUCATING BUSINESSES ON HOW
TO BUILD MORE ACCESSIBLE
PRACTICES AND TO HOW THEY
INTERACT WITH CUSTOMERS.
>> THE MATERIALS THEY USE AS
WELL AS THINGS LIKE BARRIERS
THAT THEY MIGHT NOT BE AWARE
OF .
SO FOR EXAMPLE, WHEN I SEE THIS
IN ANN ARBOR SOMETIMES TO KIND
OF SANDWICH BOARDS THAT
BUSINESSES WILL PUT OUT ON THE
SIDEWALK TO YOU KNOW, LET
CUSTOMERS KNOW ABOUT SERVICES,
MENU ITEMS OR WHATEVER THAT
REALLY KIND OF GET IN THE WAY
OF PEOPLE NAVIGATING.
THERE WAS ALSO AN INITIATIVE IN
MADISON TO KIND OF ADOPT THE
FOUR WORD ACCESSIBLE WHEELCHAIR
SYMBOL SO WE KIND OF WORKED
WITH THE COMMUNITY THERE TO
UNDERSTAND WHETHER PEOPLE
WANTED TO ADOPT THAT KIND
OF THING AND SO I'M TRYING TO
THINK WHAT WERE SOME OTHER
PROJECTS?
THERE WAS A WHILE TO GO SO I
LIVED SOMEWHERE ELSE FOR
SEVERAL YEARS IN BETWEEN NOW
AND THEN.
SO FAR THAT DIDN'T WAS SO SMALL
AND YOU KNOW, DIDN'T HAVE A
DISABILITY COMMUNITY.
SO I'M, YOU KNOW, EXCITED TO
RETURN TO ONE THAT DOES HAVE
DISABILITY COMMUNITY AND PEOPLE
WORKING ON ISSUES WITHIN THE
CONTEXT OF CITY GOVERNANCE.
>> THANK YOU FOR AT OK
WONDERFUL.
ANY OTHER QUESTIONS FOR ANNIKA
AT THIS TIME ALL RIGHT.
WANT A GUY?
DEFINITELY.
LIKE I SAID, JUST APPRECIATE
ALL OF YOUR OPENNESS,
EVERYTHING THAT YOU KIND
OF BRING TO TO THIS, YOU KNOW,
POTENTIAL OPPORTUNITY AND YOU
KNOW, JUST THANK YOU FOR YOUR
TIME TODAY ALL RIGHT.
AND THEN I GET TO I WILL LET
YOU KNOW THAT YOU KNOW UPON YOU
KNOW, I GOING THROUGH THE
MEETING AND EVERYTHING I
TYPICALLY WE DO ARE, YOU KNOW,
VOTING AND CANDIDATE DISCUSSION
KIND OF AFTER THIS.
SO ONCE WE GET TO THAT POINT WE
WOULD GRACIOUSLY ASK YOU TO
EXIT THE MEETING IF THAT'S OK.
YOU CAN OBSERVE THE REST OF THE
MEETING UNTIL WE GET TO THAT
PORTION OF THE MEETING TODAY TO
DISCUSS YOUR APPLICATION AND
GOING FORWARD.
BUT AT THAT POINT WHAT YOU HAVE
LEFT KENNEDY WILL BE IN TOUCH
WITH IN TERMS OF THE NEXT STEPS
AND GOING FORWARD.
OK, OF COURSE UNDER SET.
THANK YOU.
YEP.
SPECIAL PRESENTATION STYLE
WASHTENAW LIBERI FOR THE BLIND
AND PRINT DISABLED JACKET.
>> YES PARDON ME.
THANK YOU.
ACTUALLY IT'S KATIE TODAY SO
KATIE KATIE OK NO PROBLEM.
HAPPY TO BE HERE AND LET YOU
ALL KNOW ABOUT SOME THINGS THAT
ARE COMING UP AT THE LIBRARY.
>> WE HAVE A COUPLE OF EVENTS
THAT I'D LIKE TO CALL YOUR
INTEREST TO FIRST ON FRIDAY
NOVEMBER TWENTY SECOND TO PM AT
OUR PITTSFIELD BRANCH WE HAVE
AN EVENT CALLED INTERES
SECTIONS WHERE ARCHITECTURE
MEETS LIVE PERFORMANCE IN THE
MOTOR CITY.
WE'D LIKE YOU TO JOIN US AS WE
TAKE A CLOSE LOOK AT THE
HISTORIES OF TWENTY
ARCHITECTURALLY SIGNIFICANT
LIVE PERFORMANCE SPACES IN
METRO DETROIT CONSTRUCTED
BETWEEN EIGHTEEN NINETY FIVE
AND NINETEEN EIGHTY SEVEN
INCLUDING FOUR IN WASHTENAW
COUNTY.
THIS EVENT ALSO INCLUDES BRIEF
EXAMINATIONS OF THE LIFE AND
WORK OF TWO OF DETROIT'S TOP
THEATER DESIGNERS OF THE PAST
CHARLES AND AGREE AND SEE
HOWARD CRANE AND THE LIBRARY
WILL BE PROVIDING A LIVE STREAM
OF THIS EVENT AND WE INTEND TO
MAKE IT AVAILABLE FOR FUTURE
VIEWING.
A VIDEO PLAYER WILL APPEAR ON
THE EVENT PAGE ONE HOUR BEFORE
THE START OF THE EVENT AND WE
HAVE BRINGING PLANNING TO THE
PEOPLE THIS IS GOING TO BE ON
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 12TH THAT
SIX THIRTY PM AT THE DOWNTOWN
LIBRARY AND OUR FOURTH FLOOR
MEETING ROOM.
YOU CAN JOIN US FOR A TALK WITH
URBAN PLANNER, CONTENT CREATOR
AND UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN ALUM
BRITTANY SIMMONS AS SHE
DISCUSSES HOW HER TIME IN ANN
ARBOR HAS SHAPED HER APPROACH
TO MAKING COMMUNITIES MORE
LIVABLE, EQUITABLE AND
ECONOMICALLY VIBRANT PLACES TO
LIVE WHETHER YOU'RE A CITY
PLANNING ENTHUSIAST, A RESIDENT
INTERESTED IN LOCAL DEVELOPMENT
OR JUST CURIOUS ABOUT HOW
CITIES SHAPE THE LIVES OF THEIR
INHABITED, THIS THIS EVENT
OFFERS AN OPPORTUNITY TO GAIN
INSIGHT FROM SIMMONS, AN URBAN
PLANNER WHO HAS BEEN FEATURED
IN BUSINESS INSIDER, CRAIN'S
NEW YORK AND THE AMERICAN
PLANNING ASSOCIATION AND NOW
TALK ABOUT SOME MATERIALS AND
AS ALWAYS WASHTENAW LIBRARY FOR
THE BLIND AND DISABLED PATRONS
CAN REACH US TO ORDER THEIR
DIGITAL CARTRIDGES OR IF THEY
HAVE ANY OTHER QUESTIONS BY
CALLING SEVEN THREE FOUR THREE
TWO SEVEN FOUR TWO TWO FOUR OR
YOU CAN E-MAIL US AT W L B P D
ADLE DOUG AND WE ENCOURAGE
EVERYBODY TO SIGN UP FOR THE
BRAILLE AND AUDIO READING
SERVICE BARD IF YOU HAVEN'T
ALREADY TO DOWNLOAD YOUR OWN
BOOKS AND YOU CAN VISIT THEIR
WEBSITE UNLESS BAADE LLC GEOF
OR CALL US AND WE CAN ASSIST
WITH THAT.
HERE'S A COUPLE OF BOOKS THAT
RECENTLY CAME OUT RELEASED ON
BARN IN AUDIO THE BOYS
OF RIVERSIDE A DEAF FOOTBALL
TEAM AND A QUEST FOR GLORY BY
THOMAS FULLER.
THIS IS THE STORY OF AN ALL
DEAF HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL
TEAM'S TRIUMPHANT CLIMB FROM
UNDERDOG TO UNDEFEATED THEIR
INSPIRATIONAL BROTHERHOOD A
PORTRAIT OF DEAFNESS IN AMERICA
AND THE INDEFATIGABLE
INDEFATIGABLE HEAD COACH WHO
SPEARHEADED THE TEAM.
>> AND WE ALSO HAVE A BOOK
CALLED ON COMMUNITY.
THIS IS BY KC PLETT.
WE NEED COMMUNITY TO LIVE BUT
WHAT DOES IT LOOK LIKE?
WHY DOES IT OFTEN FEEL LIKE
IT'S SLIPPING AWAY?
WE'RE ALL HINCHE TO SOME
DEFINITION OF A COMMUNITY BE AS
SIMPLE AS WHERE WE LIVE COMPLEX
AS
A BELIEFS WE SHARE OR AS
INTENTIONAL AS THOSE WE CALL
FAMILY
AND EPISODIC PERSONAL
ESSAY CASEY DRAWS ON A RANGE
OF FIRSTHAND EXPERIENCES TO
START A CONVERSATION ABOUT THE
LARGER IMPLICATIONS
OF COMMUNITY AS A WORD, AN IDEA
AND A SYMBOL WITH EACH THREAD A
CUMULATIVE DEFINITION
OF COMMUNITY AND WHAT HAS COME
TO MEAN FOR PLOT EMERGES
LOOKING AT PHENOMENA FROM
TRANSGENDER LITERATURE TO
MENNONITE HISTORY TO HACKER
HOUSES OF SILICON VALLEY AND
THE RISE OF NATIONALISM IN
NORTH AMERICA BUT DELVES INTO
THE THORNY INTRACTABLE
OF COMMUNITIES BOOYA DEEPLY
PERSONAL, AUTHORITATIVE AND ITS
ILLUMINATIONS COMMUNITY IS AN
ESSENTIAL CONTRIBUTION TO THE
LARGER CULTURAL DISCOURSE THAT
ASKS HOW AND TO WHAT POLITICAL
ENDS WE FORM BONDS WITH ONE
ANOTHER AND THAT ARE THOSE ARE
JUST THE THINGS THAT I HAVE FOR
YOU TODAY JUST A SHORT LITTLE
BIT FOR ME BUT I'M WONDERING IF
ANYBODY HAS ANY COMMENTS OR
QUESTIONS
.
>> ALL RIGHT.
WELL THANK YOU ALL FOR HAVING
ME ALWAYS APPRECIATE BEING
HERE, OZARK.
>> I SEE YOUR HAND.
YEAH.
SORRY ABOUT DO YOU MIND SAYING
THE NAME OF THE BOOK ABOUT THE
FOOTBALL TEAM ONE MORE TIME
PLEASE?
>> YES.
THAT IS THE BOYS OF RIVERSIDE,
A DEAF FOOTBALL TEAM AND A
QUEST FOR GLORY.
>> THANK YOU.
THANK WELCOME YOU.
WHAT WAS THAT DO THEY THAT THEY
MADE THAT INTO A FILM YET OR IS
IT JUST A BOOK?
>> NOT THAT I'M AWARE OF BUT IT
DOES SOUND LIKE IT WOULD BE AN
AWESOME MOVIE.
>> ALL RIGHT.
THERE WE GO.
>> THANK YOU.
I AGREE ON AWESOME.
THANK YOU SO MUCH KATIE AND
THANK YOU TO EVERYONE THE IDOL
AND OF COURSE THE WASHTENAW
LIBRARY FOR THE BLIND AND PRINT
DISABLED DOING AMAZING, AMAZING
WORK THERE ALL THE TIME.
AND IF ANY OF YOU WATCHING HAVE
AN OPPORTUNITY PLEASE VISIT THE
FACILITY, TAKE A LOOK AT ALL
OF THEIR WONDERFUL RESOURCES
AND REACH OUT.
THEY DO A GREAT JOB.
>> THANK YOU, KATIE.
THANKS SO MUCH, ZACH AND
EVERYONE ELSE.
YOU GUYS HAVE A GREAT DAY.
ABSOLUTELY.
BUT MY ALL RIGHT.
NEXT WE HAVE THE DISABILITY
NETWORK WASHTENAW MONROE
LIVINGSTON REPORT WITH ANDREA.
>> GOOD AFTERNOON.
GOOD AFTERNOON.
I WANT TO JUST HIGHLIGHT ONE
EVENT HERE TODAY FOR YOU.
IT'S ANOTHER HOLIDAY POP UP
MARKET HAPPENING AT OUR
WASHTENAW LOCATION ON SATURDAY
,DECEMBER 7TH FROM ONE TO FOUR
P.M. IT WILL FEATURE VENDORS
WITH ORIGINAL ARTWORK PRINTS,
JEWELRY, KNITS AND TEXTILES,
POTTERY, CERAMICS AND MORE.
SO WE ENCOURAGE FOLKS TO COME
OUT AND SUPPORT LOCAL ARTISTS
WITH DISABILITY, GET SOME
HOLIDAY SHOPPING DONE ON THAT
AFTERNOON AGAIN THAT SATURDAY,
DECEMBER 7TH FROM ONE TO FOUR
P.M. AND OUR ANN ARBOR
WASHTENAW LOCATION.
THAT'S ALL I HAVE TODAY FOR THE
COMMISSION.
ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU SO MUCH, ANDREA AND
SO MANY GREAT THINGS ALWAYS
GOING ON.
I JUST HAD A QUESTION FOR YOU
IF THAT'S OK.
ARE YOU GUYS STILL DOING THAT
THAT HARVEST GATHERING OR TO
THAT ALREADY HAPPENED?
THAT'S ALREADY HAPPENED.
YEAH.
OH THAT YEAH THAT WAS THAT WAS
A COUPLE OF WEEKS AGO NOW SO OK
WELL HOPEFULLY IT WAS A
SUCCESS.
>> THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
THANK YOU.
AWESOME.
ALL RIGHT NEXT WE HAVE THE
PARTNERS AND ACCESS
SUBCOMMITTEE REPORT WITH VICE
CHAIR LARRY KEELER LARRY IS
HERE WE ARE ATTENDING WITH
COMMISSIONER PARKER,
COMMISSIONER MOSAD AND WE ARE A
REPORTED THAT THE CITY HALL
PARKING SITUATION HAS BEEN
RESOLVED AND WITH PAINTED BLUE
LINED WITH THE PARKING IS
SUPPOSED TO HAPPEN AND RESOLVED
.
SHE ALSO ALSO MENTIONED THAT
EVENTUALLY THEY PLAN TO PUT
BRICKS IN INSTEAD OF PAINT SO
THAT THE SLIDES DON'T FAKE AND
SHE ALSO MENTIONED THAT
JEFFERSON AND AND WELL
JEFFERSON AND SOMETHING I
FORGOT BECAUSE I JUST DID
JEFFERSON AND THAT NEAR ME NEAR
YEAH.
AND THAT WAS BEING RESOLVED
BECAUSE THEY WERE DOING
CONSTRUCTION THERE SO THERE IS
NO NEED GO BEGGING FOR AND THEN
WE ALSO DISCUSSED
THAT WE MAY
HAVE BUSINESS CARDS.
COMMISSIONER PACKARD SAID
SOMETHING ABOUT BUSINESS CARDS
WE MIGHT HAVE AND HE HE TALKED
WITH US MORE ABOUT HIS APP AND
THEN WE JUST MENTIONED THE BUS
ANNOUNCEMENTS AGAIN AND TALKED
ABOUT THEM AND HOW WE'RE
WORKING TO STRAIGHTEN THOSE SO
THAT THEY SOUND UNIFORMS FOR
THEIR UNIFORMS AND
THAT'S ABOUT
IT.
>> WE DID MENTION THE POSSIBLE
WEBSITE COMING IN AND WE TALKED
ABOUT THE SUSTAINABILITY OF OF
WE WANTED TO KNOW ABOUT THE
SUSTAINABILITY OF IT AND HOW TO
KEEP FOLEY'S OFFICE.
YEAH, JEFFERSON NAME HERE IT
WAS.
>> I SEE IT BACK AND THAT'S AND
I ALSO MENTIONED THAT WERE I
NOTICING A TREND WHERE THESE
WERE IV PARKS HEAVY PARKING
STATIONS AND ALSO PLACES ARE
BEING DIMINISHED BECAUSE
THEY'RE MAKING THEM AND THEY'RE
MAKING PARKING SPACES,
HANDICAPPED PARKING SPACES A
LOT LESS HARD TO FIND WITH ALL
THESE OTHER THINGS GOING ON
WITH THE YOU KNOW, THE PARKING
SPACES, PARKING SPACES EASY AND
PICK UP SPOTS AND THAT'S OK.
WELL THANK YOU CHAIRMAN FOR
THAT REPORT.
THE PARTNERS AND ACCESS
COMMITTEE SUBCOMMITTEE REPORT
THAT KATHLEEN FIRST OF ALL I
JUST WANT TO SAY THANK YOU FOR
ALL YOUR ADVOCACY FOR THAT IN
TERMS OF THE PARKING AT CITY
HALL, THANK YOU TO THE COUNCIL
WOMAN BECAUSE HE HAD ONE AS
WELL FOR THEIR SUPPORT THERE
AND I'M GLAD TO SEE THAT AT
THIS POINT THIS HAS BEEN
RESOLVED.
THAT IS GOOD TO HEAR.
ABSOLUTELY.
ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU, LARRY.
I DO APPRECIATE THAT THAT
REPORT NEXT WE MOVE ON TO THE
COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT
SUBCOMMITTEE REPORT WITH
COMMISSIONER RACHEL HAWKINS.
>> RACHEL IZAK SO MY ONLY
UPDATE IS FOR ANN ARBOR
INCLUSIVE.
THEY ARE READING THEY RECORDED
EARLIER THIS MONTH PLOTNICK
WASHTENAW ASSOCIATION FOR
COMMUNITY ADVOCACY.
I DON'T HAVE A DATE YET OF WHEN
THAT WILL BE OUT BUT THAT IS
THEIR SHOW FOR THIS MONTH.
SO KEEP AN EYE ON THE ANN ARBOR
INCLUSIVE YOUTUBE CHANNEL THAT
WILL BE COMING UP SOON.
WONDERFUL.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
SO YEAH WHCA DOING RIGHT.
GOOD WORK AND REALLY EXCITED TO
SEE THAT EPISODE.
>> ABSOLUTELY.
THANK YOU RACHEL.
UP NEXT, LARRY, DON'T GO
ANYWHERE BECAUSE WE HAVE YOU UP
FOR THE RECRUITING ACTIVITY
REPORT.
SO VICE CHAIRMAN KEILLER UP OH
LOOK WITH THE RECRUITING
ACTIVITY WE PROTEST WE PRETTY
MUCH JUST SEEN THE RESULTS
OF THAT.
WE HAVE AN OPENING AND WE HAVE
JUST INTERVIEWED THAT THE
PERSON WHO MAY OR MAY NOT FILL
.
SO AS FAR AS I KNOW, I THINK WE
DO HAVE A COUPLE
OF APPLICATIONS JUST IN CASE
THIS GOES THROUGH THAT WE CAN
ACT ON.
SO WE'RE PRETTY GOOD.
ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU AND THANK YOU, LARRY,
FOR ALL YOUR WORK WITH THE
RECRUITING ACTIVITY.
BUT THEN ALSO, LARRY, YOU KNOW,
YOU'RE JUST SUCH A POPULAR GUY
AND YOU'RE DOING SO MUCH ON
THIS THAT THAT YOU COULD ALSO
GIVE US SUPPORT FOR THE
TRANSPORTATION COMMISSION
UPDATE.
>> BUT HOPING FOR THAT WE WITH
THE MEETING OF COURSE WAS THE
SIXTEENTH OF LAST MONTH AND WE
TALKED ABOUT THERE WAS A LOT
OF TALK ABOUT STATE STREET AND
IMPROVING STATE STREET AND
APPARENTLY THEY WANT TO PUT AN
END TO BOTH ISLANDS AROUND
THERE BY THE UNION AND ANGEL
HALL AND ALSO THEY WANT TO
ELEVATE CROSSWALKS AND JUMP
LANES SO THAT YOU CAN JUMP
LANE.
IF SO IF THE BUS CAN TAKE THE
OUT MORE OF AN EXPRESSWAY
STRAIGHT IN AND THEY'LL BE
THEY'RE GOING TO PUT UP A LOT
OF BUFFERS FOR BIKE TRAFFIC,
YOU KNOW, TO SEPARATE THE BIKE
TRAFFIC IN THE TRAFFIC LANES
ARE GOING TO PUT UP A LOT
OF BUFFERS SO THAT IT'S EASY TO
SEPARATE THEM AND THEN THERE
WAS
THERE'S SOME WATER MAIN
PROJECTS GOING ON THERE TOO AND
THEN THAT THE DENHA IS IS ALL
THE DEA WAS MEETING ON THE
TWENTY THIRD OF THE LIBRARY AND
WE ALREADY I WENT TO THAT
MEETING WITH A LOT OF THE SAME
STUFF THAT IS THAT WE HAVE BEEN
SEEING FROM THE REPORTS ON ON
CITY DEVELOPMENT AND THEN I
HAVE A LOT OF THE THINGS THE
PUBLIC WANTS TO IMPROVE
DOWNTOWN TRANSPORTATION AND SEE
WHAT I FORGET.
YEAH, THE DOWNTOWN FOR THE
DOWNTOWN AREA CIRCULATION STUDY
AND THEN THE DOWNTOWN PLANNING
TO OPEN OUR SETS.
THE WALL WAS THAT AND THAT'S IT
FOR THAT.
ALL RIGHT.
WELL THANK YOU, LARRY, FOR ALL
OF YOUR WORK WITH THE
TRANSPORTATION COMMISSION, YOU
KNOW, KEEPING OUR CITY
ACCESSIBLE AND OUR TRANSIT
UPDATE EXCUSE ME ACCESSIBLE.
AND THE OTHER THING I SHOULD
PROBABLY THE OTHER THING
PROBABLY IF THOUGH IS ONE
OF THEM TONIGHT TO
TRANSPORTATION COMMISSION
MEETING AT SEVEN AND IT IS
BROADCAST ON COMMUNITY SERVICE
.
WELL, IT'S MY CHANNEL 16
COMMUNITY ACCESS.
YOU CAN JUST GET ON THERE AND
AND I SUPPOSE YOU CAN GO INTO
COMMISSIONS AND MORE THAN
PROBABLY FIND THEIR MEETING ON
THE COMPUTER TOO.
I HAVEN'T DONE THAT BUT I DO
KNOW THEY BROADCAST AT LEAST A
COUPLE OF TIMES ON CNN SO IT'S
STARTS AT SEVEN ALREADY I CAN I
ASK A QUESTION?
>> THIS IS ANNIKA.
YES, I'M JUST WONDERING WHAT
ARE THE WAYS THAT
ACCESSIBILITIES BEING ATTENDED
TO IN THESE DIFFERENT PROJECTS
?
OH, ONE OF THE THINGS THEY'RE
TRYING TO DO WITH THESE
DIFFERENT PROJECTS IS A LOT
OF THESE DIFFERENT PROJECTS.
THERE'S A LOT OF DIFFERENT
ACCESSIBILITY THINGS LIKE I'M
TRYING TO GET THEM TO PUT A
APSA SOME OF THOSE ISLANDS AND
AND PUT IN CURB CUTS FOR THE
ISLAND SO THAT YOU CAN CATCH
THE BUS.
THEY'RE TALKING ABOUT PUTTING
THESE BATHROOMS.
THEY WANT TO PUT IN SOME CURB
CUTS.
THEY WANT TO MAKE SURE THAT YOU
HAVE SOME KIND OF TACTILE THING
WHEN THEY BECAUSE THEY'RE
SETTING THE RECORDS IN SOME
PLACES SO THEY WANT TO PUT
TACTILE THINGS WHERE YOU CAN OR
YOUR FEET FEEL SO THAT YOU'RE
YOU KNOW, YOU'RE OUT WANDERING
FROM THE SIDEWALK INTO THE
STREET AND OF COURSE I GOT THE
BUSSES CALLING OUT SO THERE'S
THERE'S A FEW THINGS GOING ON
AND I CAN I CAN TELL YOU MORE
ABOUT THAT LATER TOO BECAUSE
THESE THINGS HAVE BEEN
MENTIONED HERE AND THERE.
BUT THE ACCESSIBILITY IS BEING
PAID ATTENTION TO AND SORT
OF MAKING SURE OF THAT TO OK,
THANK YOU.
>> AND IF YOU DON'T KNOW I'M
TOTALLY BLIND VISUALLY IMPAIRED
ALL THE WAY SO YEAH.
I'M HAVING A LOT OF THOSE
ISSUES.
>> REMEMBER THAT TO ELLEN.
HI, THIS IS AISHA.
I THINK YOU BY THE WAY ANNIKA
IT'S SO GREAT YOU'RE HERE.
>> NICE TO MEET YOU.
UM SO SOME OF THE THINGS THAT I
JUST WANT TO TOUCH ON AROUND
ACCESSIBILITY YOU KNOW WE DO
HAVE TRACY BYRD WHO IS OUR
ACCESSIBILITY COORDINATOR WHO
STARTED LAST YEAR AND I THINK
SHE'S ON THE PHONE WITH US AND
WHAT I DO I WOULD LOVE TO SEE
KIND OF MORE CONCERTED
COORDINATION BETWEEN
TRANSPORTATION COMMISSION AND
QUITE FRANKLY ALL THE
COMMISSIONS AND ACCESSIBILITY.
YOU KNOW, IT'S HARD BECAUSE WE
ARE VOLUNTEERS, RIGHT.
WE'LL TAKE A LOT OF TIME.
BUT TRACY IS THERE THE OTHER
THING IS THAT I KNOW THAT AT
LEAST DARNTON DEVELOPMENT
AUTHORITY JUST WENT THROUGH AN
ADA CURB STUDY AND THEY ARE
GOING TO BE ADDING IT'LL BE A
TOTAL OF SEVENTY ACCESSIBLE
PARKING SPACES BY THE END
OF TWENTY TWENTY FIVE AND THEY
HAVE BEEN STUDYING CURB CARDS
AND BEHAVIOR AND THEN THERE
HAVE BEEN A VARIETY OF KIND
OF OTHER THINGS THAT SOME
OF THEM BECAUSE OF US AND US
ASKING AND OTHER THINGS DUE TO
UNDERGOING FOR EXAMPLE THE ADA
AUDIT SO THOSE ARE SOME OF THE
WAYS THAT ACCESSIBILITY IS KIND
OF BEING INCORPORATED.
WE'RE TRYING TO INCORPORATE IN
SOME OF THESE PROCESSES.
I HOPE THAT THE THOSE
STATISTICS MUST HAVE BEEN ON
THAT POSTER DOWN WHEN I WAS
DOWN THERE AT THE FOR THE
DOWNTOWN PLANNING COMMISSION,
THE DOWNTOWN PLANNING STUFF ON
THE TWENTY THIRD OF LAST MONTH
.
>> HM HMM.
YEAH I DIDN'T HEAR THOSE
FIGURES BUT YEAH THIS WAS
ACTUALLY PRESENTED TO COUNCIL
TO WORK SESSION BY ABOUT A
MONTH TO GO AND OK YEAH YEAH
YEAH.
YOU KNOW MAYBE WE COULD TALK
ABOUT SOME SORT OF SYSTEM WHERE
SOME OF THESE MATTERS ON
ACCESSIBILITY FROM THE FROM THE
VARIOUS COMMISSIONS WHETHER IT
BE PLANNING OR TRANSPORTATION
BE CONSOLIDATED OR SENT TO
TRACY AND THEN TO US IN SOME
WAY JUST SO THAT LIKE ACCESS IS
EASIER FOR ALL OF US THAT WOULD
THAT WOULD BE REALLY NICE
BECAUSE I TRIED TO REPORT THERE
IS WHAT I SEE.
BUT YOU KNOW, HERE AND THERE
THERE'S LITTLE ONES HERE AND
LITTLE ONES THERE.
>> I GET A HOLD OF PUT THEM ALL
INTO ACCESSIBILITY REPORT.
>> YEAH, I COULD GO THROUGH ALL
MY NOTES AND DO SOME OF THAT
FOR THE TRANSPORTATION
COMMISSION.
YEAH I MEAN IT WOULD TAKE
EFFORT TO WRITE BUT YEAH LET ME
I CAN ASK I CAN ASK LAURA
SOUNDS LIKE THIS IS ARNICA
AGAIN THAT SOUNDS LIKE A GREAT
IDEA INSTEAD OF KIND OF LIKE
RESPONDING TO QUERIES AS THEY
COME UP TO INDIVIDUAL PIECES
OF PROJECTS.
I DEFINITELY APPRECIATE YOUR
POINT.
ASIA KIND OF A MORE
CONSOLIDATED COORDINATED EFFORT
AMONG THE COMMISSIONS AND TO
KIND OF PUT ACCESS REALLY AT
THE FOREFRONT OF THESE PROJECTS
.
>> YEAH, DEFINITELY.
YEAH, ABSOLUTELY.
I MEAN THANK THANK YOU EVERYONE
FOR THAT FEEDBACK.
I DEFINITELY CONCUR WITH
COUNCIL MEMBER THAT THERE NEEDS
TO BE MORE OF A UNIFIED EFFORT
AND YOU KNOW, I'VE
INTENTIONALLY BEEN USING MY
BEST TO TO BREAK THE SILOS, IF
YOU WILL, BETWEEN DIFFERENT
COMMISSIONS AND YOU KNOW,
HOPEFULLY THAT CAN CONTINUE TO
BE AN EFFORT, YOU KNOW, ON OUR
PART AND THANK YOU COUNCIL
MEMBERS YOUR LEAD ON THAT AS
WELL.
>> YEAH, THANK YOU.
ALL RIGHT.
ANY OTHER POINTS OR CAN WE MOVE
FORWARD?
YEAH, GO AHEAD.
YEAH.
AND I DO GIVE KUDOS AND CREDIT
THAT YOU ARE IN TOUCH WITH
DIFFERENT ORGANIZATIONS AND ARE
PRETTY GOOD ABOUT EMAILING US
AND LETTING US KNOW OF THINGS
GOING ON AND WHAT I WAS GOING
TO MENTION ALSO AS WE TALKED
EARLIER ABOUT THE ISSUE
OF ACCESSIBILITY BEING LEGALLY
BLIND, NEW TO IT IN THE LAST
THREE YEARS RIDING THE BUS AND
NOTICING THAT SOME OF THE
ANNOUNCEMENTS ARE HARDER TO
YEAR FOR US THAN OTHERS AND WE
I THOUGHT GOT SOME PRETTY
ENCOURAGING NEWS DURING THE
PARTNERS MEETING THAT THERE
THEY ARE LOOKING AT THAT AND
THEIR TECHNOLOGY AND UNIFYING
THAT.
>> SO ONE OF THE ACCESSIBILITY
TRANSPORTATION THAT YOU ASKED
ABOUT NONAKA I THINK THAT'S ONE
OF THE THINGS THAT I THINK
WE'RE GETTING SOME GOOD NEWS ON
.
SO I JUST WANTED TO ADD THAT IN
THERE I MENTIONED THAT BRIEFLY
BUT WHAT THEY WHAT THEY WERE
TALKING ABOUT WHAT WHAT WHEN I
BROUGHT IT TO TO OUR LHC, THE
ANSWER I GOT FROM THEM AND FROM
THE EIGHTY PEOPLE IS THAT THEY
HAVE TO THEY HAVE TO WORK ON
DOING THE BUSSES INDIVIDUALLY
BECAUSE THEY'RE MADE BY
DIFFERENT COMPANIES SO THEY
HAVE TO GO IN AND DO THEM
INDIVIDUALLY BUT THEY ARE
WORKING ON AT LEAST MAKING AN
ANNOUNCEMENT LEVEL THAT'S
CONSISTENT SO THAT YOU KNOW,
IT'S NOT TOO LOUD OR TOO QUIET
OR YOU KNOW, YOU DON'T WANT YOU
DON'T WANT IT TO BE ANNOYING
AND SCREAM AT YOU BUT AT THE
SAME TIME YOU DON'T WANT TO
MISS BECAUSE YOU DON'T HEAR IT
.
>> AND SO YES, THEY ARE WORKING
ON THAT.
I THINK STILL TO THIS GOES TO
SHOW THAT LIKE PEOPLE AFFECTED
BY PROBLEM LIKE NO BASTAR
SOLUTIONS AND IT WOULD BE GREAT
IF LIKE COMMISSIONERS HERE IF
WE COULD LIKE PARTICIPATE IN
SOME SORT OF AUDIT.
RIGHT.
AND LIKE TAKE A TOUR AND I WANT
PUT WORK ON PEOPLE BUT I THINK
THAT OUR EXPERIENCE CAN HAVE
CAN BE REALLY INFLUENTIAL.
>> YEAH, ABSOLUTELY.
I MEAN COUNCIL MEMBER I
COMPLETELY AGREE.
I MEAN I CAN SAY THAT I'VE BEEN
YOU KNOW, ASKED TO BE A PART
OF DIFFERENT ACCESSIBILITY
AUDITS BUT I JUST HAVEN'T HAD
THE TIME AND SO IF OTHER
COMMISSIONERS ARE OPEN TO THAT,
I THINK THAT'S DEFINITELY A
GOOD OPPORTUNITY.
>> COMMISSIONER MOSADDEQ, I
JUST WANTED TO SHARE ONE
ADDITIONAL THOUGHT WITH REGARDS
TO COMMISSIONER PACARD AND
COMMISSIONER KEYLA DE THE
REASON FOR THE NOT JUST IS IT
THAT WE HAVE TWO DIFFERENT US
COMPANIES WITH IATA, WE HAVE
GILLIG AND NOVA.
THERE'S ALSO THE THE WHEN
BUSSES WERE BUILT RIGHT.
SO OUR BUSSES LIFESPAN IS ABOUT
12 TO 14 YEARS.
IT MIGHT BE EVEN A LITTLE BIT
LONGER AS TECHNOLOGY GETS
BETTER.
AND SO IT'S NOT JUST THE FACT
THAT THERE ARE DIFFERENT
BUSSES, BUS COMPANIES INVOLVED
BUT THEY'RE
ALSO FROM DIFFERENT
SPANS OF LIFE AND SO AND SO
SOMETHING IT'S 14 YEARS OLD IS
GOING TO HAVE DIFFERENT
TECHNOLOGY AND BE AT A
DIFFERENT SPOT THAN MAYBE
SOMETHING THAT'S BEEN BUILT
WITHIN A YEAR OR TWO.
BUT THEY HAVE AGAIN A KIA HAS
SHARED THEY ARE WORKING VERY
DILIGENTLY ON THAT TRYING TO
GET EVERYTHING AS UNIFORM AS
POSSIBLE.
SO I JUST WANTED TO ADD THAT AS
WELL OF FOLKS.
YEAH, I KNOW WE HAVE SOME OTHER
QUESTIONS HERE BUT I JUST WANT
TO LIMIT IT TO ONE MORE
QUESTION AND THEN WE HAVE TO WE
HAVE TO MOVE FORWARD.
THANK COMMISSIONER BACK.
>> OH, I WAS JUST REALLY GOING
TO SAY I THINK YOU PUT THAT
VERY WELL AND I JUST WANTED ON
A VERY POSITIVE NOTE I'VE
REALLY NOTICED HOW GREAT THE
BUS DRIVERS DO OF IF YOU NEED
HELP AND REMINDING THEM THAT
YOU'RE AT A STOP.
THEY'RE AMAZING AT THAT YOU
COULD SAY I'M GETTING UP.
I NEED TO GET OUT AT ST. SCHOOL
AND EISENHAUER AMAZINGLY THEY
ARE ABLE TO HELP HELP OUT WITH
THAT AND SO I JUST WANT TO GIVE
CREDIT AS WELL THAT THEY'VE
BEEN DOING GREAT AS FAR AS
NOTICED AND I JUST WANTED TO
SAY SOMETHING VERY POSITIVE
ABOUT HOW OUR BUS SYSTEM SEEMS
TO BE WORKING IN SPITE OF THE
YOU KNOW, GETTING THOSE
UPGRADED.
SO ANYWAY, THAT'S ALL.
ABSOLUTELY.
THANK YOU EVERYONE FOR YOUR
CONTRIBUTIONS AND FEEDBACK ON
THAT.
AND AGAIN TO ECHO COUNCIL
MEMBER EDMAN, YOU KNOW, I
REALLY DO HOPE THAT WE CAN BE
CONSIDERED HIGHLY CONSIDERED
FOR DIFFERENT, YOU KNOW, AUDITS
IF THAT IS SOMETHING THAT
COMMISSIONERS ARE OPEN TO DOING
AND I'M HAPPY TO, YOU KNOW,
HIGHLIGHT CONSIDER THAT AND
DISCUSS THAT FURTHER.
THANK YOU EVERYONE.
SO I'M GOING TO GO AHEAD NOW
AND MOVE FORWARD TO THE NEXT
AGENDA ITEM.
WE HAVE THE FEW OF COUNSEL FOR
DISABILITY CONCERNS MEETING
UPDATE WITH COMMISSIONER
MATTHEW SOLOMON.
>> MATTHEW, SO THE COMMISSION
DID NOT MEET THIS MONTH BECAUSE
THERE WAS SOME OVERLAP WITH THE
NEW BORKUR AWARD CEREMONY.
AND ON THAT NOTE, THIS MIGHT BE
A NICE TIME TO RECOGNIZE ONE
OF OUR OWN AS THE WINNER
OF THIS YEAR'S YOUR BAKER AWARD
NONE OTHER THAN COUNCILPERSON
GHAZI EDWYN.
THIS IS THE HIGHEST AWARD ONE
CAN RECEIVE IN THE DISABILITY
SPACE AT U OF M AND I JUST WANT
TO OFFER MY CONGRATULATIONS ON
THAT GREAT AWARD AND ALL OF THE
ADVOCACY AND THE WORK THE
CAREER ADVOCACY THAT LED TO
THAT AWARD.
>> SO CONGRATULATIONS
COUNCILPERSON.
>> THANK YOU.
THIS IS AISHA.
THAT MEANS SO MUCH.
THANK YOU SO MUCH MATTHEW AND I
REALLY WOULDN'T BE HERE DOING
ANY OF THIS WORK WITHOUT ALL
OF YOU.
YOU GUYS HAVE ALL MADE THIS
POSSIBLE.
SO I JUST WANT TO THANK YOU ALL
AGAIN AND I REALLY THINK THE
WORK JUST SYMBOLIZES YOU KNOW,
WE'VE BEEN ABLE TO REALLY GROW
THE DISABILITY JUSTICE MOVEMENT
HERE IN DETROIT OR I'M SORRY
ANN ARBOR NOT JUST IN DETROIT
AND IT'S IMPORTANT SO I REALLY
APPRECIATE YOU GUYS.
>> THANK YOU FOR THOSE KIND
WORDS.
THANK YOU, MATTHEW AND I GO
COUNCILMAN BRANDON EDWIN.
I MEAN WE WE ARE A NEIGHBOR
OF DETROIT SO NO NO SLIP UP
THERE IN MY OPINION.
>> ABSOLUTELY.
AND AND I HAVE MORE THAT I'D
LIKE TO TOUCH ON THAT BY THE
WAY IN THE IN THE CHAIR REPORT.
BUT THANK YOU MATTHEW FOR THOSE
KIND REMARKS AND THANK YOU
COUNCIL MEMBER ONE AS WELL.
ALL RIGHT.
DO WE HAVE SO WE DON'T HAVE
TRACY ON FOR THE ORGANIZATIONAL
EQUITY REPORT?
ALL RIGHT.
WE'RE GOING TO MOVE THEN TO
KENNEDY FOR THE CITY PERSONNEL
REPORT.
>> KENNEDY HEY GUYS.
IT'S YOUR FAVORITE PERSON IN
THE WORLD, YOUR FAVORITE OFFICE
MANAGER.
I HOPE EVERYONE'S DOING GOOD
AND ALL THIS WEATHER IS DULL
AND KIND OF SAD.
BUT NO MATTER WHAT THE
COMMISSION IS STILL DOING TO
WORK.
SO THAT'S ALL THAT MATTERS.
I HAVE NO CURRENT PERSONNEL
COMPLAINTS TO UPDATE YOU GUYS
ON JUST TO GIVE YOU GUYS A
HEADS UP, THE CITY IS CURRENTLY
GETTING READY TO SCHEDULE
INTERVIEWS FOR THEIR NEW PUBLIC
WORKS ADMINISTRATOR SO THAT
WILL BE GETTING DONE SOON AND I
THINK THAT'S ABOUT IT.
DID YOU GUYS HAVE ANY QUESTIONS
FOR ME?
>> RIGHT.
ALL RIGHT.
I THINK KENNEDY AND YES, YOU
INDEED ARE OUR FAVORITE BOARDS
AND COMMISSIONS OFFICE MANAGER.
>> THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
DO A FABULOUS THANK YOU
ABSOLUTE MOVING ON TO THE CHAIR
REPORT FIRST OF ALL, AS I
MENTIONED EARLIER, I JUST
WANTED TO THANK YOU,
COMMISSIONER SOLOMON FOR THAT
PREEMPTIVE CONGRATULATIONS TO
OUR COUNCIL LIAISON.
I ECHO THE SENTIMENT THERE FOR
THE EUROPEAN COUNCIL FOR
DISABILITY CONCERNS IN
CONGRATULATING OUR COUNCIL
LIAISON COUNCIL MEMBER AYESHA
GHAZI EDWYN BEING THIS YEAR'S
BOCKER AWARD RECIPIENT AND IS
WELL WELL DESERVED AND ALL THE
PRAISE AND HOPEFULLY THERE'S
MORE TO COME THERE BUT WELL
DESERVED AND VERY, VERY HONORED
AND HUMBLED TO TO HAVE BEEN A
PART OF THAT.
SO THANK YOU VERY MUCH, ISHA,
FOR ALL YOU DO FOR THE
UNIVERSITY, FOR OUR COMMUNITY
AND FOR OUR CITY.
>> THANK YOU.
>> IT'S GETTING EMBARRASSING
NOW BUT THANK YOU ALL.
AND IT'S NOT JUST ME.
IT'S ALL OF US.
BUT THANK YOU.
>> I REALLY APPRECIATE IT.
ABSOLUTELY.
ALL RIGHT.
BY THE WAY, I WANTED TO ALSO
GAVE A GOOD SHOUT OUT TO THE
DISABILITY NETWORK AND
COMMISSIONER GOSSAGE.
SO DESTINATION ANN ARBOR AND
AND WE OWE THE WORLD AN
ORGANIZATION THAT DEALS WITH
ACCESSIBLE TRAVEL.
THEY GOT A VERIFIED STATUS IN
OUR BRAND WASHTENAW COUNTY,
WHICH IS PRETTY WHICH IS A
PRETTY BIG DEAL.
WHAT THAT MEANS ESSENTIALLY IS
THAT THEY HAVE BEEN VERIFIED AS
ACCESSIBLE AND GOOD RESOURCES
FOR THOSE WITH DISABILITIES TO
BE A GLOBAL TRAVEL
ACCESSIBILITY DESTINATION.
AND SO I REALLY WANT TO
CONGRATULATE COMMISSIONER
GOSSAGE ON HIS WORK WITH THAT
WITH THE WORLD AND DESTINATION
ANN ARBOR.
I KNOW THEY HAD A GREAT
CEREMONY EARLIER THIS WEEK AND
I REGRETTABLY WAS NOT ABLE TO
ATTEND DUE TO A LAST MINUTE
BUSINESS MEETING THAT I COULD
NOT GET OUT BUT THANK YOU TO
THE DISABILITY NETWORK TO
DESTINATION IN OUR PAPER TO
WASHTENAW COUNTY TO ALL THE
PARTNERS, TO ALL THE COMMUNITY
MEMBERS WHO WERE A PART OF THAT
IN THE MAKING.
WE KNOW THE WORLD THAT MAKING
THAT VERIFICATION FOR WASHTENAW
COUNTY AREALITY.
SO THANK YOU TO THE DISABILITY
NETWORK AND TO COMMISSIONER
GOSSAGE FOR THAT.
ALL RIGHT.
AND LASTLY, I WANTED TO MENTION
THAT THERE IS A UPCOMING EVENT
NEXT MONTH ON DECEMBER 7TH AND
8TH THE UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN
ADAPT SPORTS AND FITNESS
PROGRAM IS GOING TO BE HAVING
AN ADAPTIVE WHEELCHAIR RUGBY
TOURNAMENT IN SALEEN, MICHIGAN
COMING UP.
AND SO VERY EXCITING WITH THAT
.
THERE WILL BE MORE DETAILS
COMING OUT WITH THAT
MOMENTARILY.
BUT I DO HIGHLY ENCOURAGE OUR
COMMISSION TO COME OUT TO THE
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN ADAPTIVE
SPORTS AND FITNESS EVENTS WHEN
THEY ARE DOING THEM SO THAT WE
CAN ALSO SUPPORT THAT PROGRAM
AS WELL.
THEY'RE DOING A LOT OF GREAT
WORK AND WORK VERY CLOSELY
OBVIOUSLY WITH THE OFFICE
OF STUDENT ACCESSIBILITY
SERVICES THERE AT THE
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN AS WELL
AS OTHER DEPARTMENTS WITHIN THE
UNIVERSITY AS WELL AND DOING
GREAT WORK.
SO I HOPE WE CAN ALL SUPPORT
THAT'S ALL I HAVE FOR THE CHAIR
REPORT AT THIS TIME.
SO WITH THAT I'D LIKE TO MOVE
ON TO OUR CITY COUNCIL UPDATE
WITH I SHOULD GO FOR YOU.
OH SURE LARRY.
YOU FORGOT.
>> OH YES.
I'M SO WHERE IS IT?
OK, QUESTION FOR YOU WHERE IS
WHERE IS THAT INSULIN?
YES I WILL GET THE LOCATION FOR
YOU AND AS SOON AS THEY RELEASE
THAT INFORMATION I WILL SEND IT
TO THE FULL COMMISSION.
I'M NOT SURE AT THIS TIME.
AND YOU ASKED PARDON ME I'M NOT
DONE WITH THE CHAIR REPORT AT
THIS TIME.
WE WOULD ASK THAT OUR CANDIDATE
LEAVE LEAVE THE ROOM SO THAT WE
THEN CAN CONDUCT, YOU KNOW, THE
REST OF OUR BUSINESS
ACCORDINGLY
.
ALL RIGHT.
KENNEDY, DO WE HAVE
CONFIRMATION THAT THE CANDIDATE
ON OK, THANK YOU BOB WITH THAT
QUOTE AS PART OF THE CHAIR
REPORT, I WOULD LIKE TO PROPOSE
THAT WE VOTE CANDIDATE HONEGGER
TODAY.
I WANTED TO KNOW IF THERE WERE
ANY ADDITIONAL DISCUSSIONS IN
OR QUESTIONS ABOUT THIS
PARTICULAR CANDIDATE LARRY, AS
PART OF THE RECRUITING
COMMITTEE AND ACTIVITY PART THE
INDIVIDUALS THAT REVIEWED HER
APPLICATION AND DID HER
INTERVIEW.
I WOULD LIKE TO OPEN THE FLOOR
FOR YOU TO SAY A FEW WORDS AND
THEN I WILL OPEN IT TO THE
COMMISSION FOR A BRIEF
DISCUSSION BEFORE VOTING LARRY.
>> I'LL SAY WHAT I THINK AND
THEN I'LL MOVE TO I'LL MOVE TO
APPROVING
.
I THINK SHE'S I THINK SHE'S AN
EXCELLENT CANDIDATE.
I THINK WE'LL GET I THINK WE'LL
GET SOME INFORMATION FROM A
DIFFERENT PERSPECTIVE FROM A
YOUNGER PERSON'S PERSPECTIVE
AND NOT JUST NOT JUST MINE, ALL
OF US ALL THE VISUALLY IMPAIRED
ISSUES BECAUSE LIKE I SAID, I
CAN'T SEE NOTHING AND SO I'M
FOR ME THE PERSPECTIVE I BRING
IS FROM A TOTALLY BLIND PERSON
AND SO I LIKE TO SEE OTHER
PEOPLE THAT HAVE DIFFERENT
VIEWS AND SINCE SHE'S WORKED IN
MADISON, WHICH IS ALSO A
UNIVERSITY TOWN, I THINK SHE'D
BE GREAT.
ALL RIGHT.
WELL THANK YOU FOR THAT.
AND YOU KNOW, I SECOND THAT,
LARRY, I'VE HAD AN OPPORTUNITY
TO REVIEW HER QUALIFICATIONS,
REVIEW HER APPLICATION AND EVEN
SPEAK WITH HER IN PERSON
ADMISSIONS EARLIER THIS YEAR AT
THE LIBRARY AND I WAS VERY
IMPRESSED WITH HER LEVEL
OF PROFESSIONALISM BUT THEN HER
STRENGTH AND THEN ALSO HER ZEAL
FOR WANTING TO BE A PART OF THE
COMMISSION AND WANTING TO HELP
ADVOCATE FOR ALL OF US AND THEN
ALSO HER PERSPECTIVE AS
SOMEBODY WHO IS LOW VISION AS
WELL.
SO I ALSO APPROVE AND I WOULD
LIKE TO OPEN IT UP NOW TO
INMOTION TO TO VOTE I MOVE TO I
MOVE TO ACCEPT HER AS A
CANDIDATE TO OPEN THE VOTE, TO
ACCEPT HER AS A CANDIDATE.
OK, IS THERE A SECOND SECOND OK
WITH ME?
>> WE'RE VOTING ACTUALLY TO
REMOVE HER AS A MEMBER OF THE
COMMISSION NOT JUST ACCEPT HER
CANDIDACY.
>> NO NO RIGHT.
>> NO CORRECTLY WE'RE ONLY
VOTING TO MAKE HER A CANDIDATE
AT THAT THEN THE APPLICATION IS
GIVEN TO THE MAYOR AND TO CITY
COUNCIL AND THAT IS WHERE THE
APPROVAL COMES IN.
WE'RE JUST APPROVING THE
RECOMMENDATION WE'RE WE'RE LIKE
RUBBER STAMPING AND NOT RUBBER
STAMPING.
WE'RE SAYING LIKE WE REALLY
LIKE THIS CANDIDATE, MR. MAYOR
AND AS A BODY WE'VE WE'VE COME
TO THE CONCLUSION THAT WE WANT
TO BRING THIS CANDIDATE TO YOU
FOR THE COUNCIL'S APPROVAL.
>> SO WE'RE OFFERING OUR
RECOMMENDATION.
>> YES.
EXCUSE ME.
IT'S A RECOMMENDATION.
THE WAY THE PROCESSES WORK IS
THEY APPLY WE INTERVIEW, WE DO
REVIEW THEN OF COURSE IF THEY
ARE THEN DEEMED QUALIFIED I
THEN BRING THEM BEFORE THE
COMMISSION FOR A PRESENTATION.
ALL OF THEM EVALUATE THEN IF
YOU WE ARE, YOU KNOW, READY FOR
THAT THEN WE VOTE ON THE
RECOMMENDATION TO GO TOWARDS
CITY COUNCIL.
ALL RIGHT.
WITH THAT I WOULD LIKE TO THEN
YOU KNOW, VOTE ON ON THIS ON
THIS RECOMMENDATION.
YOU KNOW, I VOTE TO TO SEND HER
ON TO TO CITY COUNCIL OR FOR
APPOINTMENT.
>> WE HAVE A MOTION AND THEN
THEN A SECOND.
OH YES.
SO I'D LIKE TO I'D LIKE TO
MOTION THAT WE THAT WE VOTE TO
SEND HONOKAA TO CITY COUNCIL TO
BE APPOINTED AS A COMMISSIONER
.
IS THERE A SECOND I'LL SAY OK
OK YOU CAN HAVE IT RUNNING I
ROSSINI'S ROSNY TWO SECONDS I'M
ALL IN FAVOR OF RECOMMENDING
THAT I COULD BE APPOINTED TO
THE COMMISSION AND PUT FORTH
THE CITY COUNCIL PLEASE ON ME
AND SAY I I I THANK YOU OK WITH
THAT THEN SHE WILL BE THEN
RECOMMENDED TO CITY COUNCIL AND
THEN CANDIDATE UPON CITY
COUNCIL'S RESULTS AND APPROVAL.
HOPEFULLY WE CAN LET HER KNOW
YEAH I'M GOING TO LET HER KNOW
THAT HER RECOMMENDATION HAS
BEEN APPROVED AND THEN FROM
THERE IT WILL GO TO CITY
COUNCIL.
>> ABSOLUTELY.
THANK YOU.
ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU EVERYONE.
I'M MOVING ON NOW WE HAVE THE
CITY COUNCIL UP DATE WITH
COUNCIL MEMBER AISHA GARCIA.
>> WELL, THANK YOU, ZACH.
SO I HAVE A BRIEF UPDATE AS WE
SHARE PREVIOUSLY THERE WERE
SOME PARKING SPACES AT CITY
HALL THAT WERE REPAINTED.
>> I'M HAPPY ABOUT THAT AS WELL
AS ON AND STREET AND THEY'VE
DISCUSSED, YOU KNOW, MOVING TO
BRECK'S TO KIND OF DEALING GOES
FURTHER UM, ANY QUESTIONS ON
THAT OR OR FOLLOW UP CONCERNS?
I CAN TAKE BACK IF NEEDELL OR.
>> OK, UM AND RIGHT TO SIT AS
YOU ALL KNOW WAS PASSED AND I'M
HAPPY TO REPORT THAT IT'S
INSPIRED A BILL AT THE STATE
LEVEL WHICH WAS JUST
INTRODUCED.
IT PROBABLY WON'T AT A HEARING
YOU KNOW THIS THIS YEAR BUT
IT'S PRETTY AMAZING BECAUSE WE
ARE THE FIRST CITY IN THE STATE
TO ENACT AND IF THIS HELPS TO
INSPIRE STATEWIDE LEGISLATION
BECAUSE THAT IS HUGE.
>> SO I WANTED TO REPORT THAT
SORRY GUYS.
I JUST GOT A PHONE CALL AND LET
ME SEE WHAT ELSE IS GOING ON.
OH, YOU KNOW, I WAS THINKING WE
COULD TALK BRIEFLY ABOUT AN
EMAIL THAT WE RECEIVED FROM AN
INDIVIDUAL WHO SAID WELL YOU
KNOW, I SHARED THIS PREVIOUSLY
BUT I DO YOU GUYS REMEMBER WHEN
THE EIGHT THE CITY SHUT DOWN OR
THEY DO FREQUENTLY SHUT DOWN
NOW DURING SUMMERTIME MAIN
STREET AND A FEW OTHER SHOOTS
TO MAKE THESE KIND OF WALKABLE
AREAS.
AND DO YOU ALL REMEMBER WHEN WE
ASKED HOW IS THAT AFFECTING
PEOPLE WITH DISABILITIES WHO
NOW CAN NO LONGER PARK CLOSER
TO WHERE THEY'RE GOING?
>> AND SO I HAD REACHED OUT TO
MORE THOMPSON, THE EXECUTIVE
DIRECTOR OF THE DENHA WAS AT
THE END OF LAST YEAR.
I SAID CAN YOU GUYS DO SOME
SORT OF AUDIT AND SEE LIKE
WHERE WOULD THE NEAREST
ACCESSIBLE PARKING SPACE BE TO
THESE CORRIDORS RIGHT.
>> AND IS THERE AN ACCESSIBLE
PATH OF TRAVEL WHICH I REALLY
WAS A LITTLE BIT MORE HARD FOR
THEM TO ASSESS BUT SHE DID DO
AN AUDIT AND FROM THAT THEY'RE
ADDING TWELVE NEW ACCESSIBLE
PARKING SPACES AND THEN IN
ADDITION TO A CURB STUDY ADA
CURB STUDY THEY'RE ADDING SIXTY
EIGHT MORE WAS ACTUALLY MORE
THAN 70 SIXTY EIGHT PARKING
SPACES ACCESSIBLE PARKING
SPACES BY THE END OF NEXT YEAR
.
SO THERE HAVE BEEN TEN OF YOU
KNOW THE ASSESSMENT DONE A
DOCUMENTATION OF NEED THAT WE
CAN WE CAN BE DOING BETTER WHEN
IT COMES WHEN IT COMES TO
CREATING MORE ACCESSIBLE
INFRASTRUCTURE.
I THINK SOMEONE RAISED THEIR
HAND ROSALITA OH FROM WHAT I I
DON'T KNOW IF I'M REMEMBERING
CORRECTLY BUT WAS PART OF THE
PROBLEM TOO THOUGH PEOPLE
GETTING THE ABILITY TO GET
DROPPED OFF AND WITH A RIDE AND
MAKING IT TO NAVIGATING TO
WHERE THEY WORK DOWNTOWN.
>> HMM.
I THINK THAT DID THAT GO AHEAD
LARRY.
>> THAT IS ONE OF MY CONCERNS
AS WELL AS THE FACT THAT THE
SIDEWALK IS BLOCKED, THE
SIDEWALKS
BLOCKED OFF BY TABLES
AND CHAIRS OBVIOUSLY THE PEOPLE
ARE JUST WANTING TO DO THEIR
BUSINESS AND THAT MAKES SENSE
BUT IT CAN I FREQUENTLY GO
THROUGH DOWNTOWN ON THOSE TIMES
TO FOUR VARIOUS THINGS AND IT
CAN BE A REALLY PAIN IN THE
REAR END TO TRY TO NAVIGATE
BETWEEN ALL THE CHAIRS AND
TABLES IN THE STREET AND ON THE
ON THE SIDEWALK.
>> YEAH, IT SOUNDS LIKE MORE
WORK NEEDS TO BE DONE.
I MEAN AND I THINK THAT THIS IS
AN ONGOING PROCESS.
>> RIGHT.
DE HAVE RECENTLY REPORTED ON
KNOW THERE'S ALSO THESE
OBSTRUCTIONS IN BIKE LANES BUT
I WANT TO GET BACK TO THE
SIDEWALKS AND ACCESSIBLE
PARKING BUT I THINK THAT IT
WOULD BE GOOD FOR US TO GET
THAT WHOLE REPORT OF THE CURB
STUDY AND ALSO THEN BRING
ATTENTION TO THIS DROP OFF YOU
SAID IT'S CALLED A RIDE IS THAT
THE AIRBAG IS ONE OF THE ONES
USUALLY YEAH.
>> IS THAT THE PARATRANSIT OR
ONE OF YES.
>> OK, YEAH THAT IS SOMETHING
THAT WE SHOULD CALL MORE
ATTENTION TO SO WHY DON'T I IF
ANYONE HAS ANY SPECIFIC
INFORMATION ABOUT EXPERIENCES
YOU COULD EMAIL IT TO ME AND I
WILL REACH OUT TO OUR CITY
STAFF AND ASK ABOUT IF THERE'S
AN ASSESSMENT DONE ON THAT.
AND FOR YOUR INFORMATION ALSO A
RIDE IS THE THEY HAVE A LOT
OF WELL THEY PRETTY MUCH ALL
HAVE LYFT EQUIPPED VANS NOW AND
THEY NEED TO GET ENOUGH
CUSTOMERS WHO USE THEM OR
PEOPLE THAT ARE VISUALLY
IMPAIRED.
SOMETIMES IF WE GET DROPPED OFF
IN A LOCATION THAT'S ONE
HUNDRED YARDS FROM WHERE WE'RE
AT, WE DON'T KNOW IT.
IT'S KIND OF DIFFICULT TO KNOW
WHO THE DRIVERS ARE.
GOOD FOR CALLING YOU OR TRYING
TO HELP YOU BUT SOMETIMES YOU
GET DROPPED IN A PLACE OR
SOMETHING AND JUST A LITTLE OFF
AND YOU'RE LIKE I'VE GOT TO
FIND OUT WHICH WAY I'M GOING.
YEAH,
AND IT SHOULDN'T BE UP TO
ACCESS SHOULDN'T BE UP TO
GETTING LUCKY ENOUGH TO HAVE A
NICE ENOUGH DRIVER TO.
SO LET ME LET ME REACH OUT TO
THE CITY AND THAT'S THAT'S
SOMETHING THAT I CAN I CAN
START WORKING ON AND I'LL
REPORT BACK TO YOU GUYS.
>> I'M NOT ABOVE YOU THE
TRANSPORTATION COMMISSION AND
EVERYBODY IF I CAN YEAH YEAH
YEAH PLEASE.
>> THERE'S ANOTHER THING THERE
WAS AN EMAIL THAT CAME ABOUT
SEATING DOWNTOWN.
SOMEONE SAID, YOU KNOW, THANKS
FOR THE RIGHT TO SIT BUT COULD
YOU HAVE ANY MAPS THAT SHOW
PUBLIC SEATING DOWNTOWN?
AND I WAS LIKE THAT'S A GOOD
QUESTION.
SO I GUESS THAT THE I REACHED
OUT AND THE DOWNTOWN
DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY IS
CREATING A MAP SO I'M GOING TO
SEND THAT ALONG WHEN I RECEIVE
IT BUT ALSO SOMETHING I'LL
SHARE WITH YOU GUYS OBVIOUSLY
AS WELL.
>> YEAH, WONDERFUL.
THANK YOU COUNCIL MEMBER.
I REALLY APPRECIATE ALL OF YOUR
EFFORTS AND ALL OF YOUR WORK
AND YOU KNOW, COMMISSIONERS, I
URGE YOU TO SEND A COUNCIL
MEMBER ANY FEEDBACK THAT YOU
HAVE SPECIFICALLY ON ON THE
ISSUES THAT YOU MENTIONED?
YOU KNOW, AS ALWAYS, COUNCIL
MEMBER, IF THERE'S ANYTHING
ELSE THAT YOU NEED FROM OUR
COMMISSION, PLEASE FEEL FREE TO
TO REACH OUT AND HOPEFULLY WE
CAN WE CAN ASSIST YOU.
>> THAT SOUNDS GREAT AND IT
LOOKS LIKE WE HAVE ONE LAST
QUESTION BUT I WILL LIMIT IT TO
THAT COMMISSIONER PACK UP.
>> OH, JUST LET YOU KNOW I'VE
USING A RIDE FOR ABOUT THREE
YEARS AND I'VE HAD GREAT
EXPERIENCES WITH THE DRIVERS
BUT I'D BE GLAD TO CHIME IN ON
ANY IMPROVEMENTS OR IDEAS AS IN
THAT DISCUSSION.
SO FEEL FREE TO REACH OUT AND
ANY ASPECTS THAT ARE MOVING
FORWARD THERE.
>> YEAH, YEAH I CAN DEFINITELY
DO THAT.
I THINK SOME OF THESE THINGS
ARE A LOT MORE IT'S JUST A
REALLY IMPACTFUL TO HAVE YOU
GUYS INVOLVED IN SOME OF THESE
DISCUSSIONS WITH STAFF, RIGHT?
>> YEAH.
SO I'LL I'LL JUST SEE YOU ON
THE EMAIL THAT I WRITE.
>> PLEASE DO.
THANK YOU.
I LEARNED SOMETHING NEW THIS
PAST WEEK AND A LOT OF TIMES
LIKE YOU SAID, IT'S A MATTER
OF GETTING THE WORD OUT
OF AWARENESS OF WHAT'S ALREADY
THERE.
I JUST LEARNED TONIGHT WELL I
DON'T KNOW IF THIS IS COMMON
KNOWLEDGE BUT IF YOU HAVE A
DISABILITY WITH THROUGH MANY
INSURANCES OR MEDICARE, IF
YOU'RE GOING TO ANY KIND OF A
NON-EMERGENCY MEDICAL THEY'LL
COVER THERE'S A WAY TO ARRANGE
THAT COVER COVER THAT THROUGH I
DON'T KNOW, A RIGHT OR LEFT BUT
THAT'S JUST ONE OF THOSE PIECES
OF INFORMATION THAT'S
EMPOWERING THE MORE WE KNOW.
BUT ANYWAY, A RIDE PLEASE.
>> THANK YOU FOR SEEING SEEING
ME ON THAT.
YEAH.
WELL DOC, THANKS FOR SHARING
EVERYONE.
ABSOLUTELY.
AND YOU KNOW, I'M JUST VERY
GRATEFUL COMMISSIONERS FOR ALL
OF YOUR HELP AND ALL OF YOUR
WORK AND THEN OF COURSE AT OUR
LIAISON AS WELL.
SO THANK THE COUNCILMAN.
>> YEAH, OF COURSE.
ALL RIGHT.
NEXT WE'RE GOING TO MOVE ON TO
OUR OLD BUSINESS.
>> DO WE HAVE ANY OLD BUSINESS
AT THIS TIME?
WE CURRENTLY DO NOT HAVE ANY
OLD BUSINESS ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU.
MOVING ON TO OUR NEW BUSINESS.
WE HAVE THE APPROVAL OF BOTH
THE TWENTY TWENTY FIVE CALENDAR
FOR THE COMMISSION ON
DISABILITY ISSUES AND WE'LL
START WITH THAT.
EVERYONE SHOULD HAVE RECEIVED A
COPY OF THAT AND THE ABILITY TO
VIEW THE CALENDAR BLINK IF YOU
DO NOT PLEASE LET US KNOW AND
WE CAN SEND YOU THAT NOW BUT
I'D LIKE TO MAKE A MOTION TO
APPROVE THE TWENTY TWENTY FIVE
CALENDAR FOR THE COMMISSION ON
DISABILITY ISSUES
.
>> I'LL IT.
ALL RIGHT.
THREE SECONDS ALL IN FAVOR
OF APPROVING THE TWENTY TWENTY
FIVE CALENDAR FOR THE
COMMISSION ON DISABILITY ISSUES
PLEASE ON MUTE AND SAY I I I I
I.
>> OK THANK YOU.
THE TWENTY TWENTY FIVE CALENDAR
HAS BEEN APPROVED NEXT WE HAVE
OR THE PARTNERS AND ACCESS
THE TWENTY TWENTY FIVE CALENDAR
COMMITTEE IS THEIR MOTION TO
OR THE PARTNERS AND ACCESS
APPROVE THE TWENTY TWENTY FIVE
COMMITTEE IS THEIR MOTION TO
CALENDAR FOR THE PP THIS IS
APPROVE THE TWENTY TWENTY FIVE
KATHLEEN.
CALENDAR FOR THE PP THIS IS
>> I'LL MAKE A MOTION TO
KATHLEEN.
APPROVE.
>> I'LL MAKE A MOTION TO
ALL RIGHT KATHLEEN MAKES A
APPROVE.
MOTION IS THERE SO I CAN I'LL
ALL RIGHT KATHLEEN MAKES A
SECOND OK LARRY SECOND ON FAVOR
MOTION IS THERE SO I CAN I'LL
OF APPROVING THE TWENTY TWENTY
SECOND OK LARRY SECOND ON FAVOR
FIVE CALENDAR FOR THE YEAR
OF APPROVING THE TWENTY TWENTY
SUBCOMMITTEE PLEASE ON MUTE AND
FIVE CALENDAR FOR THE YEAR
SAY I I WRITE THANK YOU BOTH
SUBCOMMITTEE PLEASE ON MUTE AND
CALENDARS ARE APPROVED.
SAY I I WRITE THANK YOU BOTH
NEXT WE MOVE ON TO
CALENDARS ARE APPROVED.
COMMUNICATIONS.
NEXT WE MOVE ON TO
>> DO WE HAVE ANY
COMMUNICATIONS.
COMMUNICATIONS THIS EVENING.
>> DO WE HAVE ANY
ALL RIGHT.
COMMUNICATIONS THIS EVENING.
NO COMMUNICATIONS.
ALL RIGHT.
SO NEXT I WOULD LIKE TO MOVE TO
NO COMMUNICATIONS.
ADJOURNMENT.
SO NEXT I WOULD LIKE TO MOVE TO
IT IS NOW FIVE OR SIX.
ADJOURNMENT.
I'D LIKE TO MAKE A MOTION TO
IT IS NOW FIVE OR SIX.
ADJOURN THE MEETING.
I'D LIKE TO MAKE A MOTION TO
>> I'LL MOVE TO ADJOURN ALL
ADJOURN THE MEETING.
RIGHT.
>> I'LL MOVE TO ADJOURN ALL
>> AND MOVE TO ADJOURN.
RIGHT.
IS THERE A SECOND I'LL SECOND
>> AND MOVE TO ADJOURN.
LAYER THIS IS KATHLEEN OK.
IS THERE A SECOND I'LL SECOND
THANK YOU KATHLEEN.
LAYER THIS IS KATHLEEN OK.
ALL IN FAVOR OF ADJOURNING OUR
THANK YOU KATHLEEN.
MEETING TODAY, NOVEMBER 20TH,
ALL IN FAVOR OF ADJOURNING OUR
5:00 OR 6:00 EASTERN STANDARD
MEETING TODAY, NOVEMBER 20TH,
TIME PLEASE ON MUTE AND SAY I I
5:00 OR 6:00 EASTERN STANDARD
I ALL RIGHT.
TIME PLEASE ON MUTE AND SAY I I
MEETING IS ADJOURNED.
I ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU SO MUCH COMMISSIONERS
MEETING IS ADJOURNED.
FOR ALL OF YOUR TIME, ALL
THANK YOU SO MUCH COMMISSIONERS
OF YOUR HELP AND ALL OF YOUR
FOR ALL OF YOUR TIME, ALL
EFFORTS.
OF YOUR HELP AND ALL OF YOUR
I'D LIKE TO THANK THE CITY
EFFORTS.
OF ANN ARBOR AND THE COMMUNITY
I'D LIKE TO THANK THE CITY
TELEVISION NETWORK FOR ALL
OF ANN ARBOR AND THE COMMUNITY
OF THEIR EFFORTS AS WELL.
TELEVISION NETWORK FOR ALL
IT IS A PLEASURE AN HONOR TO
OF THEIR EFFORTS AS WELL.
SERVE WITH ALL OF YOU AND I
IT IS A PLEASURE AN HONOR TO
LOOK FORWARD TO SEEING ALL
SERVE WITH ALL OF YOU AND I
OF YOU SOON.
LOOK FORWARD TO SEEING ALL
>> SO THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
OF YOU SOON.
>> TAKE CARE.
>> SO THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
GOODBYE EVERYONE.
>> TAKE CARE.